Update Readme Rolling (#492)
micro-ROS/micro_ros_setup: README.md

<br/>

> <a>

Reviewer: Did you introduce the anchor element to link to micro.ros.org? Or shall it serve as anchor for navigation in the page?

Author: Removed here 8e8be294e31b1cfa16adf3f710995965b7556a77

# Supported platforms

This package provides tools and utils to crosscompile micro-ROS with just the common ROS 2 tools for the following platforms platforms.

> **micro-ROS [components for each platform](#standalone-build-system-tools) are available and they are the preferred option.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note that this package provides basic support only, intended in particular for ROS developers who are new to microcontrollers. Micro-ROS [components for each platform](#standalone-build-system-tools) are available and provide a deeper and more flexible integration with the platform-specific build systems.**
```

Similar to @Acuadros95's comment, I propose to also relax this formulation.
